[14/06, 10:47] MJ: we need some sort of sorting of messages, I noticed the order is weird
[14/06, 11:30] Mongezi: In the chatting functionality?
[14/06, 11:30] MJ: Yes
[14/06, 11:31] Mongezi: Send me a message I want to see
[14/06, 11:32] MJ: Still churching man
[14/06, 11:34] Mongezi: Oh sorry
[14/06, 11:41] MJ: Which username will I text?
[14/06, 11:42] Mongezi: Imina
[14/06, 11:43] MJ: Ayt
[14/06, 12:45] MJ: @Mongezi can I text you on the app now ?
[14/06, 12:49] MJ: Oh hell no
[14/06, 12:49] MJ: Just simple send a message to a user that’s all 
[14/06, 14:29] Mongezi: Yoh I didn’t see this and I fell asleep
[14/06, 14:29] MJ: Cool
[14/06, 19:29] MJ: Did we do 5 user stories this sprint?
[14/06, 19:38] Donald: Is it even a sprint or we are just sorting out stuff?
[14/06, 19:39] MJ: Eish if they are going to use the same rubric as a sprint I suppose
[14/06, 19:41] Donald: yooh..
[14/06, 19:41] MJ: Eish yae
[14/06, 19:42] Donald: Do wits data bundles work for you guys, even using vpn?
[14/06, 19:43] Donald: @Mulisa , how does the final presentation work?
[14/06, 19:48] MJ: Eish, Coverage will chow us
[14/06, 19:48] Donald: Thank you
[14/06, 19:48] Donald: We'll try to sort that since we have circle ci... otherwise we chowed
[14/06, 19:48] MJ: I haven’t used it
[14/06, 19:49] MJ: We have circl ci?? Since when
[14/06, 19:51] MJ: Eish I’ve tried testing the chat activity It just doesn’t work for me
[14/06, 19:52] Donald: We need a way to skip some lines using circle ci since codecov was  chowing us
[14/06, 19:53] Donald: I am chowed
[14/06, 19:53] MJ: And also maybe deleting some extra code that doesn’t work
[14/06, 19:53] Donald: Yea.true
[14/06, 19:54] MJ: Eish this is a serious Issue phela
[14/06, 22:44] MJ: @Sikhanyiso  please revert or solve the build i want to pull
[14/06, 22:53] Sikhanyiso: Ayt
[14/06, 23:45] Sikhanyiso: it will pass after this build,
[14/06, 23:46] Donald: I meant coverall
[14/06, 23:59] Donald: https://docs.codecov.io/docs/ignoring-paths
[15/06, 00:00] Sikhanyiso: i did have that in yml file befor i deleted it, maybe i wasnt passing the path correct you can try it
[15/06, 00:15] Sikhanyiso: can pull
[15/06, 07:08] MJ: @Emmanuel_ can you remove that specializes in
[15/06, 07:46] MJ: Guys we have 2 user stories 
[15/06, 08:00] Mongezi: Ahh but Isn’t it that they want all of them?
[15/06, 08:00] MJ: What do you mean, like all from sprint 1?
[15/06, 08:00] Mongezi: Yeah?
[15/06, 08:01] MJ: I really don’t know but this is what scares me
[15/06, 08:02] Mongezi: Are they going to use the same rubric? Because we didn’t even meet with Rylan to discuss user stories as we normally do
[15/06, 08:02] MJ: Eish ya you’re right
[15/06, 08:17] Emmanuel_:  sure
[15/06, 08:18] MJ: I see that we won’t have time to add that functionality 
[15/06, 08:22] Sikhanyiso: well rubric 6.3.6 is the same as the others except that code counts 50% and the  rest all counts 10%
[15/06, 08:22] MJ: the code ?
[15/06, 08:26] Sikhanyiso: each
[15/06, 08:26] Sikhanyiso: guys did you finish your activity diagram
[15/06, 08:28] MJ: What are you saying
[15/06, 08:28] MJ: For which activity?
[15/06, 08:29] Mongezi: So that means we need 5 user stories?
[15/06, 08:31] Emmanuel_: What I thought we adhered to all user requirements!
[15/06, 08:31] Emmanuel_: *?
[15/06, 08:31] Emmanuel_: The sorting of answers, posting questions and etc
[15/06, 08:44] MJ: @Sikhanyiso aiii mina you confused me, what do you mean 50% code
[15/06, 08:45] Sikhanyiso: the apps functionalities
[15/06, 08:45] MJ: all the way from sprint 1?
[15/06, 08:50] Sikhanyiso: Rubric
[15/06, 08:50] Sikhanyiso: Ill send you the rubriv
[15/06, 09:10] Sikhanyiso: i mean the app functionality, the overall project
